All right, so let's work on the logout and then we're going to conditionally so these links and so
if it is logged in user we don't want to.
So then if it is logged Lisa, we want to show the logout so let's go to.
The navigation system is good.
NAV admin man.
And here after this news, if it let me write the log out function, it's called sign out.
Good could still.
So basically when we sign out, we don't have to make any request to our backend because all we need
to do is remove the token from the local stores and the context.
We could did a video once they issued they will be valid until the expiry date.
Right.
So to sign out, we can't really do anything in the back end.
We just have to remove it from the local stores.
I guess.
Remove from local storage and remove.
You know, that was a comment to you.
Remove from local stories.
Remove from context.
And then if you would redirect.
Most likely you want to redirect to it all again.
All right.
So to remove from local stories, we use local stories to remove item and by the name of all.
So that's what we do.
That's nice and easy to remove.
From context, we need to access the context.
So let's access the import of context from.
So you go one step, two step.
Context pause.
Simple to use context.
And then to use this where you can just here and.
Let me put it.
Trying to.
Context counts
includes to use context
and context.
All right.
Now we can use this all set up.
That is right here.
We use a set of.
And we said to.
The user user, no token empties shrink.
All right.
So that I'm going to do to make it empty and then we can redirect Serota again.
We have to access that user order hook.
So let's do.
In Boulder, use the wrong room from next room.
Again, we can just execute that here and strongly.
Could still use real.
And then.
We can use here a roller derby boost.
We want to push the user to love a sign that is right
now we just need to execute this function on click that will sign out the user, make everything empty
from context and local stories.
So let's put that.
But it's vital that.
Why do we have this sign in and.
Oh.
So we did.
We did a mistake here.
We are working in admin nab instead.
We should be working on the darknet.
All right, so let me quickly fix this up.
Let me hide this time.
Let me just open these both files.
I have the side button.
Split window here.
I have the top now.
And here I had been net.
So let me just copy the code that we just write from here to here.
All right.
So first we used these in the context, in the real reason it's cut from the put it here we need to
cut this use context took from that point of view.
Next one.
We don't need the context.
Not at the moment.
We may need that soon, but not at the moment.
So let's remove that from there and put it.
I guess we've got that context as well.
So we have the we have imported the context.
We have the role is contextual.
We have the context in this and the component, you know.
This.
Okay.
Let's make sure we got from that.
Put him.
All right.
And then finally we got this sign out function that they wrote.
Put him.
Awesome.
Okay.
Now, let me just drive back here and continue working in the stock market.
We have.
But the there are we have got the context.
It's all here.
We have the function as well.
So we just need to execute this function.
I'll click, right?
So let's go down here and let's see where we have the sign up in tone.
And so here you can see.
Let's add one more link here.
So this one did this.
It's called sign out.
It's fine.
Right.
I can find out.
And then we call it sign out.
Heads.
If we donate heads if actually we don't need links and it's remove that we just use.
And so that's for certain.
This one.
One.
Click, click.
We want to execute a function to.
Let's use arrow fonts in here.
Sign out.
Let's make sure the there's no typo saying capital sign.
No, let's give it a try
out context margin and not fine line 12.
Let's see that is in top nav line 12.
So we go.
One step, two step up.
Context.
Okay.
So I guess.
And from here.
Okay.
So we're not inside necessarily.
So we're not in ten every hour.
So just one step.
All right, so we got the sign out.
Let's use a different.
I can sign.
Sign for sign out.
We can.
By the way, if you want to search quickly, you can.
Allergies, command, kiss, heart conditions.
And it means command, key and type icons.
For sign up.
We can use one
to have the log out outline, so let's use that.
EG it's best to lock out our client.
Let's come back down here.
And here many item icon we use.
Look out.
I guess that's a sign out sign of sign in sign.
And also, we may be able to use a different one
slogan if you want.
You can use that log in Outland.
I think I'll just leave it like that.
It's the users sign too.
That looks good.
So sign a sign in and the sign out.
I know if I try sign out, this should be gone and this should be gone from the local store.
So let's see how this works.
Sign up and it works.
And here I've got all these are the things I can move that just to make things clear.
You can see nothing in the local stories, nothing in the context.
Awesome.
Let's try one more time.
Sign it.
All right.
Now, if I can go go around different bases, my first sign out.
It's got beautiful.
One more thing we can do here, and that is conditionally showing these icons so if users signed in.
We want to hide these links only show this one.
But if users are not signed in then we should is too arrogant for them to link for.
Not this one.
Let's come here.
For that one.
So this one.
Sign up and sign in to this.
Is this should be a one group.
So let me cut and put in sign the fragment so that it would be easier to conditionally render and then
sign out.
We have here.